Welcome to the album review of sweets
what cello and from there so on the
we have clarified that
so far the album offers 3 video
I leave the album teaser out
now go away
the first video extraction of the two
is the purpose of shock camera the one
nice sample of the absolute beginner
also generally offers the beat he
forward and makes you want more
the video was shot
also lets see all in all offers
that's a good overall package
second video extraction is hackmack where
Adherence orders entered the honor
the track offers the piano sounds the
they are underlaid with space
Listen as if you were on one
hewed metal bucket because that is in no one
wise annoying in the opposite of the
lightning sound matches the
soundtrack the featuregäste hauen
also pure though I have to say that
Qatar has the weakest part of all
haftbefehl goes as usual forward
the video is artistically high quality
produces and does not offer the
habitual hip hop style the third
video extraction is arno alarm from the
Beat dress really fat in the face
and invites you to nod your head
both kick a good path more can
you do not say that
the single outcouplings are real
very successfully selected and
represent the album in his
whole splendor
how technically no wishes remain
open from the over gross move is everything
in all variations in the album
processed gangsta rap with very many
Facetten leaves the work best
describe
everything was produced by m3 and that
you can hear it too, there is actually no
I do not beat many
So who in the musical
has erectile disorders
I'd rather listen to a hit feature
technology does not need the album
you can actually hide it
that the whole us americans are starting
is from warrant to veysel until
Hanibal is everything that the heart
desires to give himself aleksic and
rata the honor
a total of 17 tracks are waiting on and
it does not matter if you have the
standard version or the limited edition
Package box has the number of tracks
it does not change anything you only have
the whole instrumental on the
second cd
we are also hardly fillers
the album noticed artificially
stretch where the track 05 is to me
negatively noticed because hannibal there so
incredibly bad rap really annoying
who sets his voice as that will
album then you will understand what
I mean
otherwise I have to say that you do not
forcibly needed to tilt
The album can be carried well and is
satisfy everyone
The straßenrap has a successful one again
album more and the red thread stretches
from money laundering at risk up
towards poverty through the entire album
cliché all topics become yes
covered but that's just straßenrap
To do this, set firmly the cello and off
They are also technically rap
have evolved
compares it with backyard gago
you notice the big differences
we come to ratings and there must
I say for one it will not
rich because unfortunately still missing
you look for something on the album punchlines
here more or less in vain but
it does not have to be that way either
it's just a street rap album and
for that it presented itself well
album gets a two-and- a- half from me
think that this is a fair evaluation
that was her in reviews chance and how
the album comes to you so write
but please in the comments
Thank you very much to
see you and see you next time
Review again then look